content/hackday/index.en.md, before:

---
title: HackDay
layout: hackday
menu:
  navigation:
    name: Register
    weight: 10
---

Join us on the 1st of June for our fifth monthly Code for Romania Hack Day for 2019. If you’re in Bucharest, Timișoara, Cluj-Napoca or Iași you can participate in-person at one of the Code for Romania local community events. Bring your laptop, get connected and start coding for one of the apps that will change Romania for the better! If you can’t join us in person in one of the four cities you can always join us online and work from home or from your favorite coffee shop!

{{% columns class="is-multiline" %}}

{{% column %}}
#### Projects we are currently working on:

* Redirectioneaza.ro
* ANABI
* Data Portal
* Catalog Politic
* Centru Civic
* Monitorizare Vot
{{% /column %}}

{{% column %}}
#### Tehnologii:

* Angular 2
* Node.js (Express)
* Python (webapp2, Flask, Django, PyBossa, Moonsheep)
* .NET
* Android (Java / Kotlin)
* iOS (swift)
{{% /column %}}

{{% column class="has-text-centered-tablet is-half-tablet is-offset-one-quarter-tablet" %}}
Find out more about [all Code for Romania projects](https://bit.ly/2SREoGf).
If you have any questions, write to us at [contact@code4.ro](mailto:contact@code4.ro).
{{% /column %}}

{{% /columns %}}

Commit message:

Add San Francisco event location (#19)
* Add San Francisco event location

* Adjust card layout

content/hackday/index.en.md, after:

---
title: HackDay
layout: hackday
menu:
  navigation:
    name: Register
    weight: 10
---

June,1 2019: Get ready for Hackday #5 and our first international HackDay ever! This month, you can participate in person at one of our community HackDay events in Bucharest, Timișoara, Cluj-Napoca or Iași, join online via Google Meet and Slack or meet us in San Francisco, at our first international HackDay hosted at GitHub.

Just bring your laptop, get connected and start coding for one of the apps that will change Romania for the better!

{{% columns class="is-multiline" %}}

{{% column %}}
#### Projects we are currently working on:

* Redirectioneaza.ro
* ANABI
* Data Portal
* Catalog Politic
* Centru Civic
* Monitorizare Vot
{{% /column %}}

{{% column %}}
#### Tehnologii:

* Angular 2
* Node.js (Express)
* Python (webapp2, Flask, Django, PyBossa, Moonsheep)
* .NET
* Android (Java / Kotlin)
* iOS (swift)
{{% /column %}}

{{% column class="has-text-centered-tablet is-half-tablet is-offset-one-quarter-tablet" %}}
Find out more about [all Code for Romania projects](https://bit.ly/2SREoGf).
If you have any questions, write to us at [contact@code4.ro](mailto:contact@code4.ro).
{{% /column %}}

{{% /columns %}}
